=pod

=head1 NAME

Plack::Middleware::CustomErrorDocument - dynamically select error documents based on HTTP status code

=head1 VERSION

version 0.004

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    # in app.psgi

    $app = Plack::Middleware::CustomErrorDocument->wrap(
        $app,
        # dynamic $path (set according to $env):
        404 => sub {
            my $env = shift;
            ...
            return $path;
        },
        # use static path
        500 => 'path/to/error/doc',
    );

    # or with Plack::Builder:
    builder {
        enable "Plack::Middleware::CustomErrorDocument",
            404 => sub {
            ...;
        };
        $app;
    };

    # subrequests are possible, as with Plack::Middleware::ErrorDocument
    # (but untested and unrecommended)
    $app = Plack::Middleware::CustomErrorDocument->wrap(
        $app,
        404 => sub {
            my $env = shift;
            ...
            return $path;
        },
        subrequest => 1,
    );

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Dynamically select an appropriate error document for an HTTP status error code.
Pass in a subroutine coderef, which should take C<$env> as the sole argument,
and return the destination file path as a string.

An example use would be to return a 'missing' image file for image requests that
result in a 404 status (and a standard 404 HTML page for all others).

=head1 SEE ALSO

=over 4

=item *

L<Plack::Middleware::ErrorDocument>

=back

=for :stopwords cpan testmatrix url annocpan anno bugtracker rt cpants kwalitee diff irc mailto metadata placeholders metacpan

=head1 SUPPORT

=head2 Bugs / Feature Requests

Please report any bugs or feature requests through the issue tracker
at L<https://github.com/mjemmeson/Plack-Middleware-CustomErrorDocument/issues>.
You will be notified automatically of any progress on your issue.

=head2 Source Code

This is open source software.  The code repository is available for
public review and contribution under the terms of the license.

L<https://github.com/mjemmeson/Plack-Middleware-CustomErrorDocument>

  git clone https://github.com/mjemmeson/Plack-Middleware-CustomErrorDocument.git

=head1 AUTHOR

Michael Jemmeson <michael.jemmeson@gmail.com>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2012 by Foxtons Ltd.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

